Identifying who can use IP restrictions (#3612)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/available-tiers-iprestrictions.md

> :::info Limited to some dbt Cloud Enterprise tiers

Author: If we switch to partials, rename this file to
> website/snippets/_available-tiers-iprestrictions.md

Reviewer: addressed in https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/3616

> :::info Limited to some dbt Cloud Enterprise tiers

Author: ```suggestion
:::info Limited to certain Enterprise tiers
```

> IP restrictions can be configured in organizations using these dbt Cloud Enterprise tiers:

Reviewer: sugg to active voice
```suggestion
Organizations can configure IP restrictions using the following dbt Cloud Enterprise tiers:
```

 * Business Critical 
 * Virtual Private

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about these tiers, contact us at <sales@getdbt.com>.

:::
```
